[Music]
my daughter I put my love into
photographs pictures took space in my
heart and instead of people it was not
supposed to be a date it is a bit I love
you I love you too I just don't
understand why she couldn't tell me
about her life while she was alive
maybe she thought it would help you look
at her another way hey Michael block
from the Republic and doing a story
about your mom coming to be honest I was
a little distracted so I kept running
back in my mom now you might respond to
me asking you for a drink
so that was he asking me in my mind it
wasn't that forward you know it was more
smoother than that I'm terrible at first
day I just don't know whether to be
vulnerable or lose funny just be
yourself
hey one of the fists are too early in
the night the kitchen it wasn't reason
love this written all over your face you
look so sappy as embarrassing believe
what you say are you got your head down
like you prayed cuz I might need to or
would you pray for a little power I keep
reading her words don't you want more
than this would you know more do you
want my mother wasn't very good at love
what if I'm just like her how are you
supposed to know if you want to spend
forever with someone I want to try to be
together it's not practical I'm not
trying to be practical
I wanna be with you
I said the opposite of everything that I
wanted to say Porsche I didn't leave
people by and so often I let leave 30
years later still trying to figure that
out what would you've done different I
would have gone after my me I wish I had
put as much courage into love as I put
in my heart I don't want to lose you
because I'm afraid to love you
you don't have to be afraid would y'all
do when the power went out today she did
a little sip didn't smile thing like
[Music]